---
title: Buy a Microsoft Fabric subscription
description: Learn how to buy a Microsoft Fabric subscription.
author: mihirwagleMSFT
ms.author: mihirwagle
ms.topic: concept
ms.custom: build-2023
ms.date: 09/22/2023
---

# Understanding your Azure bill on a Fabric capacity

[!INCLUDE [preview-note](../includes/preview-note.md)]

When you navigate to Azure cost management, your cost analysis and invoice will show two meters related to your Fabric capacity resource.
•	Power BI Capacity Usage CU – this represents the Power BI usage on your capacity.
•	Available Capacity Usage CU – this represents the available capacity that was not used for Power BI
The total usage against both meters add up to the cost of the provisioned Fabric capacity.
The following is a sample view of Azure cost management for a given capacity resource over a given time period of July. The Power BI usage represented 83% of the provisioned capacity and the available capacity was about 17%.

MIHIR_IMAGE_1

Comparing your Azure bill with your usage
Fabric Capacity Metrics can be used to correlate your Azure bill with detailed usage analytics generated from your organization’s usage of Fabric. 
The default view in Capacity Metrics shows you trends in consumption by workload over the past 14 days and includes analysis of both billable and preview workloads that will not drain capacity or show up on your bill. 
 
From this view there are two ways to configure Capacity metrics to show the “Power BI Billable CU(s)” shown in your bill: 
1.	Use the Filters panel to set preview status to false so only billable usage will be shown
2.	You can use [Control] + [Mouse select] to multi-select the tabs of interest that are billable workloads.
Usage in the items table is aggregated by Workspace\Workload Type\Item name. The amount of billable usage generated by each item is aggregated by CU(s) and is conveniently sorted with the largest consumers of compute resources shown on top.

 
You can then filter your cost management view in the Azure portal for the same time period and look at the dollar amount under the Power BI Capacity Usage CU meter. The price per CU Hour for your capacity will be based on the region and can be derived from the price list that is available when you created the resource.
